Are you a sex addict? Does your child have ADHD? Which Glee character are you? There are thousands of ways for mental hypochondriacs to go online and self-diagnose every possible disorder, even the ludicrously unlikely ones. Here are four tests you can take to learn shocking truths about yourself. If you answer yes to any of these questions, that's because virtually any normal person could. You and I both know that stopping alien kidnappings is as simple as wearing a helmet to bed. However, not everyone is as smart as us. Those people should check out a list of 52 Indicators That May Show You Are an Alien Abductee. It's absurdly inclusive, and after taking it, most normal people will be shocked to discover that they have been laid in space. Here are some highlights: 
If this doesn't happen every week or two, you're not drinking right. Plus, the way memory works is that routine behavior is often stored in places you can't easily access. It's why you sometimes can't remember if you locked the door or left your kid on top of the car. If you're missing an hour of time, let's assume your brain was bored before we assume you were being filled with fetuses by star enemies. 
Or in other words, "Have you ever fucking watched yourself get abducted by space monsters!?" If you answered yes to this one, go ahead and read this next part out loud from your spacecraft operating table: "AIIEEEEEEEEE!" 
There are a few things that can generate light other than space aliens, but stay worried -- each of them is also a rapist. 
You do now! The psychological power of suggestion can plant an idea in your mind easily, especially with powerful imagery like "alien face," "needle" and "strange baby." I use the technique all the time for jokes. For instance, watermelon nipples. 
Of course not. If I could remember every throwing star fight I had, I'd join MENSA*.
*Mental Engineers Ninja-Starring Anything 
And if you haven't, why the hell do your neighbors drive with their headlights off? 
That's either clear-cut evidence that you were taken and your memory was erased or it's your subconscious telling you to look at more pornography before you sleep. Or you're peeing. I haven't been a dream analyst ever since I learned how to tell women to be quiet, but you sound like the kind of person who wets the spaceship. 
Think really hard. Did they pull over and rape you? 
Almost, but I just read a book on cunnilingus that should help. Ladies. 
They're asking this because only a total pussy would get captured by a wispy, 60-pound alien. 
Wait, is this list saying you're a self-important dick simply because monsters come across the galaxy to play with your dong while you sleep? Because why would they do that if you weren't the chosen one? 
To be honest, I'm starting to realize that the explanation for every event in a person's life is space aliens. 
This one is kind of automatic in a "Have I Been Abducted by Aliens?" checklist. No one diagnoses oneself as a cosmic sleep rape victim because they're super duper confident. This is like asking, "Have you ever had trouble understanding a Chinese waiter?" in a list called "How Can I Tell if I'm Deaf?" 
This list has a lot of faith in your meteorology skills if it thinks you can look at a patch of fog and judge it to be impossible. To be safe, ask your local weatherman before opening fire on the mist. 
I may be able to explain it. Are you a cat owner wearing underpants made out of fish? No? Then you should have had an adult discussion about STDs and condoms with that stranger waking up next to you. I think this list is teaching us a lot more about alien abduction experts than it is about alien abductions, and it's this: Keep your genitals away from them. 
No kidding? Well, any sex therapist will tell you that the first step in repairing a relationship is accepting that it's outer space's fault. However, if you're not dating a tub of He-Man Evil Horde Slime, most experts say you're not to mention outer space at all. 
I was kind of making fun of this list earlier, but I can't think of any reason a person would wake up startled except for a UFO tractor beam. And that's what I'm going to tell the woman I almost certainly just farted on. 
You might have noticed that unexplainable injuries and genital sores appear on this list quite a bit. Maybe UFO abductees would be taken more seriously if they had one single symptom that wasn't the same as too much whiskey.  The most famous psycho-diagnostic list of all time is Bob Hare's Psychopathy Checklist. It's a 21-item checklist that mental health professionals have been using for decades to spot psychopaths. Here's what's scary, though: It describes every person I've ever interacted with on the Internet. Let's take a look. 
On the Internet, something as simple as your XBox 360 might make you a better person than all 90,000,000 Nintendo Wii owners. In fact, if there is a second-most important person on the Internet, I haven't received an email from him or her yet. 
Thirty percent of the people reading this article only saw these words because after these dashes it says -- vagina ice cream. 
Right now the most virtuous among you is downloading a Russian-subtitled version of The Avengers and watching illegal sodomy while they ask a stranger on Craigslist how much it would cost to hunt them. 
To give you an idea of how common psychopathic behavior is on the Internet, try to picture stopping an argument by saying, "I have feelings that are hurt when you compare me to Hitler." You have a better chance of actually being Hitler than seeing that happen. The rest of the checklist includes things like glibness, pathological lying, failure to accept responsibility, parasitic lifestyle, poor behavioral control ... let's just agree we're being typed at by a lot of sociopaths and move on before this gets too dark.  Copyright ©2016 Cracked is a Scripps company brand Marrying a gay man is a crisis affecting nearly every woman, and this list proves it. It lets you easily know when your husband is a homosexual, sometimes even before he does. The list was written by Bonnie Kaye, M.Ed., the leading expert on accidentally marrying gay people. She locked down the domain GayHusbands.com back when that term was a dark tragedy, not an expression of love recognized by several states and most non-assholes. 
Here's a list to diagnose if some of this is your fault. Question 1: Do you secretly keep track of your partner's sexual needs to expose their gayness? If you answered yes to any of these questions, it isn't fun to bone you. 
Women, if you see foreplay as a sign of rugged heterosexuality, you should really tell your stand-up comics and screenwriters to stop saying the exact opposite of that. Personally, I think we're great at foreplay. For example, when straight guys have sex we'll sometimes spend an entire afternoon of rugby leading up to it. 
I didn't achieve the academic pinnacle of M.Ed like Master Bonnie Kaye M.Ed, wives, but I would advise against telling your husband that his depression is just him needing cock. Wait until he's in better spirits before destroying your marriage. 
He might only be having a regular affair. Or maybe he's saving them for when you're not fat. Ha ha, snap! I'm on your gay husband's side, fatty! 
Keep in mind that if you downloaded a special checklist to see if sliding a dildo inside a man might have homosexual connotations, your husband also has a fetish for sleeping with retarded people. Gotcha again, dingbat! 
If you know he does then he knows he has to, you snooping bitch. 
OK, busted. That person was looking at gay porn. However, if you're getting pop-up ads and then arguing over who owns them, the two of you shouldn't be using the World Wide Web without help from your grandchildren. 
Of course he's texting. How is he supposed to call with a congressman's asshole in his mouth? 
That is kind of fruity. When straight guys need a workout, we lay on our stomachs and digest hot dogs. 
This could also indicate that his suffocating wife thinks she's the Dick Tracy of butt stuff. You're following him around with a clipboard and using a list of stereotypes to psychoanalyze him. He won't feel free until he kills you. 
When the X-ray device at the airport is broken, a male TSA agent must legally handjob you to completion. So I suppose if you travel often enough, you're a homosexual simply by magnitude of gay experiences. 
I don't quite see the gayness here unless "mid-life crisis" is what you call it when a circle of men ejaculate on a prisoner. If your husband claims to be having one, check the area around him for a formation of masturbating men. If you don't see them, he might only be sad. If you do see them, you have only minutes to run. When they've finished, the homosexuals will be drawn to your womanly perfume. 
Man, this guy trusted the wrong amateur psychiatrist to open up to, didn't he? I can't wait to see what happens when you call him gay after this story. 
When you're making a list for diagnosing gayness, it seems lazy to include: "Hey, lady, did your husband just tell you he was gay?" 
Oh, he's definitely a gay. Straight guys call that "Tango and Cashing." And Tango and Cashing guys communicate only through the expression of filling holes. 
You might be OK. If he claims he's only there to dance his troubles away, start to worry. 
This list really jumps around between behavior that could mean anything and behavior that totally means a person is gay and nothing else. "Does your husband keep a clean car? And does he keep banging dudes in it?" 
Like we're supposed to see some guy with better abs than us and not call him a homo? For an undersexed woman pretending to be a psychologist, you sure don't know much about insecurity. 
This depends on the compliment. Did he call your husband handsome or tell him his penis tasted young? Look, I have no idea if this list indicates that your husband is gay, but he seems to hate you as much as I do, lady. Blah! So now that you've found out you're a psychopath filled with alien eggs and the seed of a gay husband, you're probably wondering if there's a way to find out if you're also a, blah!, vampire. Luckily, there is a vibrantly crazy vampire community on the Internet and I was able to find this handy checklist. Blah! Warning: It came with this stern warning: "If you are convinced that you are a real vampire, yet have few to none of these traits you really need to read up on a term that is known as enabling and stop claiming to be one. You could even seem to have all of them but there is still no guarantee that you are a real vampire." 
I thought diagnosing yourself with vampirism would be harder. Right at the first question you find out if you're a confused vampire or just a vegan in a cape. Either way, I feel like I should warn you: The rest of high school is going to be really hard, kid. 
That's not too unusual. Doctors rarely tell a patient that they've never seen a pansy get so hurt in a car crash. When they tell you the X-ray technician found bat guano on the inside of your pants, freak out. 
Well yeah, it's easy to win a spelling bee when you grow up being something as hard to spell as Nosferatu. And it's easy to run the fastest when you grow up exploding in sunlight. But I think the easiest way to spot a vampire athlete at age 16 is by looking for the cranky kid who says sports ruin his mascara. 
I'm getting the idea that this list isn't medically recognized by the Official Vampire Council and might only be an angsty kid trying to make sense of a world that doesn't understand him. However, this frustration with being constantly bumped is probably why modern vampires developed the ability to sparkle. 
Willing things to happen is a vampiric trait? That would explain why there are so many bloodless baby husks at the Staples Center every time the Lakers win. 
Holy crap, this just got troubling. I can't tell what's more tragic: the Twilight fan who wrote this list, or the fact that 48 percent of fathers support their child's decision to rise from the grave and devour the night's innocents. 
Before you start transforming into a bat, we learned from the last list that this only means you married a gay fella. Sorry, Dracula. Seanbaby invented being funny on the Internet. Learn more at Seanbaby.com or follow him on Twitter. For more of Mr. Baby, see The 8 Most Baffling Food Mascots of All Time or Every Women's Magazine Ever.  Copyright ©2016 Cracked is a Scripps company brand