Marvel
Psylocke's buttocks are like the Mona Lisa's eyes, they follow you no matter what angle you're looking from. DC
Check out the empowerment on that! DC
And why doesn't her costume inflate when she flies? DC
"I show off my tits because I'm such a dumb blonde I can't even finish my own clothes. I also cry. Girls do that, right?" DC
Even on-panel you have another disappointed girl. DC
I'm not saying the designers view women as sexual targets, but she has big glowing red weak points to help you aim at her throat and crotch. DC
This is basically her new costume. And personality. And motivation. DC
The site isn't playing saxophone music. You're just hearing it anyway. DC
The new direction is "Literally break your own spine to aim breasts at male eyes." DC
Damn those feminazis, we can only barely see that the breasts are bigger than her head! DC
DC's website makes Total Recall's stance on gratuitous boobs look conservative. DC DC
I've had dreams like this, too, but I don't draw and sell them in public. Warner Bros Pictures, DC Comics, Polygram Filmed Entertainment, though we're not 100% those guys actually want credit for this

He knows everyone wants to touch them. Marvel Marvel
She destroyed one costume and several laws of Euclidean geometry. Marvel
"I don't know, when your breasts aren't a perfectly flat mass because curved fours are hard to draw?" DC
This is Acheronian soft-core with face paint. Marvel
Manties! Marvel
Look at the poor victimized boy, one inch from boning on the cover. Marvel
See, women, we have improbable male anatomy for you, too! Marvel
FEAR MY PECTORAL SIX-PACK! Marvel
A posing pouch and dressing gown. His whole wardrobe says "I get laid too often to bother with clothing." Luke McKinney scientifically proves that Die Hard is the ultimate party. He also tumbles and has a website. Want more comic lunacy, true believers? Behold the astonishing incompetence of The 8 Worst X-Men Ever! Gasp at the ridiculous visibility of The 8 Shittiest Transformer Disguises! 
Copyright © 2005-2016. Cracked is a Scripps company brand
 
Copyright ©2005-2016. Cracked is a Scripps company brand
