New Year's Eve is upon us, and you know what that means- happy drunk people making out and drinking champagne while sad drunk people sit alone and pound vodka until they can't feel lonely anymore. However you plan on spending the holiday, remember to bone up on your drinking myths and avoid vomiting on any police officers. They have absolutely no sense of humor when you get puke all over their gun. It's the holidays! Which means roughly half our columnists chose to write about drinking. Usually while drunk. We've got Soren Bowie's guide to holiday cocktails, Christina's first ever sorta drunk column and Robert Brockway's angry rant about why New Year's Eve is the worst drinking holiday ever. John Cheese broke up the pattern with a lighthearted look at why your attempts at self-improvement are doomed to fail and Adam Brown covered a different sort of drug- synthetic weed. Seanbaby closed us off with a look at survival guides for the last big apocalypse. You know, the one with computers instead of Mayans. Notable Comment: "Can we have one article that doesnt shove american crap down our throats, IÂ´m pretty sure there is more famous careers helped by physical mutations that arent Edison and f*****g Roosevelt, Roosevelt is in at least one article a week, try some originality" Listen Reteos, it isn't our fault that literally every interesting person in history was an American. Now if you'll excuse us, we have some UN flags to burn and Toby Keith CDs to memorize. Notable Comment:"Sauron was not the ultimate incarnation of evil. He was just one of the lesser angels who was corrupted by Melkor, from whom evil flowed." That's really debatable, fuckingpedant. After the War of Wrath Melkor (aka Morgoth) was cast out of Middle Earth and stripped of most of his power. He certainly still had influence but, in all practical terms, Sauron was the wellspring of evil in the world from the Second Age on. The only reason Melkor retained any power leading up to the War of the Ring was because Sauron spread his cult as a way of maintaining religious control over Mordor. Notable Comment:"Stop using the internet?! Ridiculous! That's just- um, what was I say" We're not sure, rev.felix. Something about how awesome the Internet is, probably. Isn't the Internet great? Notable Comment: ""those f*****g assholes! i wanted to go to city number one until i found out a paragraph later the chinese government demolished it, jeez those guys suck." Yeah, sloangregorov, who could have anticipated a totalitarian Communist government being dicks? Notable Comment:"This almost makes me wish there was a 'Punch a Diplomat Day.'" This beats out Liquor and Coke day as our favorite new holiday. Copyright ©2016 Cracked is a Scripps company brand