 In Ron Howard's 1985 movie 'Cocoon,' a group of elderly people living in a Florida retirement community become magically rejuvenated by aliens. It plays out as a fantasy, a hilarious what-if scenario about old people acting young. The movie seems more fiction than science, but in the 30 years since the film's release, the branch of medicine devoted to curing aging has grown into possibly the next big thing. Aging has only been a problem since the beginning of time, a disease born into us by the very nature of being alive, but scientists believe we're not far off from therapies that could extend our lifespan by decades and keep us feeling like we're in our 30s the whole time. Jack O'Brien is joined by Laura Deming, a 21-year-old venture capitalist who is funding the therapies of the future that will slow the process of aging. They discuss some of the breakthroughs in the field and Laura debunks some myths about current life extension treatments. Jack is then joined by Fiona Ginty, a principal scientist at GE working on the microimaging of cells. Fiona shares how this technology will aid in the fight against aging as that process might be built into our DNA. Throw on your headphones and click play above, go here to subscribe on iTunes, or download it here. Also make sure to get tickets to the next LIVE Cracked Podcast, Wednesday, December 9th at 7pm at the UCB Sunset Theatre in Los Angeles. Tickets are $5 and on sale here. If you could go anywhere in time to live the rest of your life, where would you go? If you're afraid big corporations will one day try to beam ideas directly into your mind, too late. On this special BONUS episode of The Cracked Podcast, we've got no mind-blowing views about social anthropology or insane fan-theories about how many Martys died for 'Back to the Future' to make sense. In the grand scheme of human history, awareness of mental health issues is a relatively recent development. We tend to think of the class system as money thing. Copyright ©2016 Cracked is a Scripps company brand