She's just so clingy they stop breathing. Player "Cursed You" was celebrating the fact that he'd maxed out on the recently added Construction skill by inviting people to a home he'd built with his hard-won expertise. At this point, you might expect a marauding gang of jealous players to tear his house down, since being constructive is generally not the Internet's thing. But in Runescape, where people apparently celebrate each other's achievements, "Cursed You's" party was the jam of the century. There were even combat mini-games, to provide some controlled ass-kicking to keep everyone entertained. So many players showed up to the party that the server started to buckle. Eventually the lag got so bad that he had to boot everyone back to the peaceful city. As players milled around, presumably gossiping about who was making out with who before the cops busted it up, the players who'd been in the party's combat ring noticed something. They could still kill people, even if they weren't at a combat location or playing a mini-game. They were the only people who had ever had this ability in the history or Runescape. Of course, these were people who were at a party celebrating another player's achievements. Making use of the power would require them to slaughter innocent people who had put hours into the online lives they'd be ending. What happened next says worse things about gamers than Jack Thompson. runescape.wikia.comAny discovery requires repeated trials. In a way which makes psychologists cry, and necessary, they immediately began killing innocent bystanders. The evening quickly went from a demonstration of online gaming good will, to a vivid illustration of why Earth can't have superheroes. Random people were gifted with amazing new powers and used them to tear through the world like innocence-fueled combine harvesters. Their victims couldn't fight back even when attacked, and within minutes the supervillains embodied the deadly sins of rage, pride, greed and douchebaggery. Some slaughtered low-level players en masse just to get the biggest bodycount, while others hunted suddenly defenseless high-level players to steal valuable items. The devil signed human nature by having this happen on 6/6/06. This was one of the most valuable items stolen. We're not joking. It's valued at 1.6 billion gold coins, about $1,416 in real money, and we're still not joking. They kept murdering for a full hour before they got bored. Oh wait, no. They were still going when moderators arrived to stop it. How psychotic would you have to be to keep clicking on real people for 60 minutes when they can't fight back? We're assuming local police departments found out when a moderator permanently banned everyone who did, unleashing them on the real world.   Copyright ©2016 Cracked is a Scripps company brand The green stuff was a new health drink. It turns out Jack Nicholson is just crazy. A guide on the Terris Thule server snapped and went full Prometheus on a bunch of players, summoning them to Veshaan's Peak and binding them in the stomping path of a giant dragon. Because eagles are for pussies. Even those that weren't bound found themselves stuck between the dragon and a pack of racnars, aka "Everquest velociraptors," making a rock and a hard place look like a threesome. Racnar (noun): Original monster design is hard. They were forced to die and resurrect and die over and over again, enduring more pointless deaths than an entire Corps of Light Brigades. An emergency team of Guides with the same powers were dispatched to take down their rogue colleague, making this the first and only time an MMO dick move accidentally wrote the perfect Jean-Claude Van Damme movie.   Copyright ©2016 Cracked is a Scripps company brand Sorry, was this getting in the way of all the oral sex you were having? Didn't think so. And then one day, Slimes stopped splitting. You probably assumed game designers had decided to challenge themselves, if you noticed the change and know nothing about game designers. But in reality, their hand was forced when a player who went by "Chrae" stood up to make a difference. The first step of his plan was a plague that made God tell Moses, "I wish I'd thought of that." He trapped slimes in a house and started firing purple potions (weak alchemical grenades) at them. Since slimes regenerate health, split when damaged and are able to stack (have multiple enemies in one spot), he generated a house full of exponential slime. Then opened the door. It looked something like this. It was Steve McQueen's worst nightmare. The land was buried in slimes 100 deep, killing everyone on the server and then killing the server too. The next day "Chrae" demanded a ransom or he'd do it again. People laughed at him, which was pretty ballsy for people whose universe had crashed the day before, and so he did it again. The day after that the developers announced that slimes would no longer split when struck. One man's dickery made the virtual world a better place.   Copyright ©2016 Cracked is a Scripps company brand 
She's just so clingy they stop breathing. runescape.wikia.com
Any discovery requires repeated trials. 
This was one of the most valuable items stolen. We're not joking. It's valued at 1.6 billion gold coins, about $1,416 in real money, and we're still not joking. 
The green stuff was a new health drink. It turns out Jack Nicholson is just crazy. 
Racnar (noun): Original monster design is hard. 
Sorry, was this getting in the way of all the oral sex you were having? Didn't think so. 
It looked something like this. 
After being blasted two dozen times it didn't matter if Han shot first. http://www.notacult.com/fansynews.htm
You'll notice that one giant is 1) 20 times the size of a player and 2) screwing that entire building.  
Emases street, working together to make sure NOBODY plays. 
Sony, Microsoft: This is better than banning people. 
Warning: more numbers than most careers. 
Damn noob. 
Fear my Level 85 might! Angwe taught them the error of their ways. He was like dropping libertarians into Somalia -- the embodiment of everything they'd claimed to want and it was killing them. He camped a bottlenecked route into Menethil Harbor, the only path to a couple of mid-level Alliance destinations, and murdered every single person who passed every single time they tried. There was more online rage against Angwe than against everyone else who's ever been compared to Hitler combined. There is no body part he hasn't been accused of sucking, eating, being or enjoying his mother's. He received death threats, but World of Warcraft death threats are less worrying than fireballs, which can at least pretend to hurt something. Angwe even had an Alliance account so he could listen to his victims, and in an act of combat dickery worthy of the U.S. Army Psychological Ops division it was called "Angwespy." 
Oh, so it's just a game, I'M STILL GOING TO BE PSYCHOTIC ABOUT IT. He was the incarnation of Player vs. Player. People asked if he ever worked. Some wondered if he even slept. They wrote entire FAQs on how to get past him involving teleportation stones, clone characters and leaping from the boat and swimming along the shore instead of going through the port. Players regularly went through more hassle to get past Angwe than real people did to get into America. He was less a dick than a force of nature, a landscape-altering dick deforming the entire world like Zeus or Odin. Beating him was an achievement back before that was a thing. So mankind aren't just the real monsters. We make the best boss characters too! For more gaming dick moves check out The 7 Biggest Dick Moves in the History of Online Gaming and A Gamer's Manifesto. Luke McKinney's favorite tactic is maintaining Level 3 teleporters on Dustbowl while explaining how Beer Built Civilization. He also tumbles and has a website. 
Copyright © 2005-2016. Cracked is a Scripps company brand
 
Copyright ©2005-2016. Cracked is a Scripps company brand
